eisenberge
oz.matlaw


Uml Differences - When we started this project, we didn't think to add multiple types of drinks, so the entire
    drinks package was added at a later time. Similarly, we decided to add a dirt class so that the falling
    leaves knew to stop on the ground only and not on the tree trunk. Moreover, we added a unique leaf class to
    allow for the complex motion of the leaves, and we allowed the drink classes to access the avatar and terrain
    in order to implement their buffs.

Infinite world – In order to generate an infinite world, we used the avatars location.
	We calculated a buffer zone that always generates a buffer of extra terrain,
	so, the avatar won’t reach the end of the world. This was implemented by using
	a min and max range. Furthermore, we deleted any game object (leaves, dirt, trees, power ups)
	that left the buffer zone relieving the system from unnecessary stress.

Tree Design - the trees contain foliage, leaf, trunk and Drink factory classes
	that allow them to delegate the responsibilities more efficiently
	and implement the single purpose idea.In order to make the trees appear more realistic,
	we used three layers of foliage that are randomly placed with different colors.

Design – we based our design ideas on future growth due to all of the amazing potential
	the game shows, its only a matter of time till some major gaming company picks this up.
	In order to make there lives easier when the game gets picked up for a huge expansion
	we encapsulated the code as much as possible and built a strict dependency pattern.
	To further optimize the runtime, we had the terrain summon a layer of long blocks instead
	of many layers of countless unnecessary game objects that would have made the runtime slower.

Bonus –
	1.	Leaves change color when they fall, giving a more realistic interpretation of nature.
	2.	Energy Drinks – energy drinks fall from the trees based on a drop rate parameter.
	Providing the avatar with different power ups that modify the games environment and
	Behavior, all in a stackable manor for a 5 second duration.
		a.	Seven Up – increases the players movement speed.
		b.	Red Bull - “Red Bull Gives You Wings” as advertised by the company, we made that happen!!
			When the avatar drinks a red bull, he gets infinite flight time.
		c.	Jaeger Bomb – the player gets a bit more drunk every time he takes a shot
			causing his perception of his surroundings to go crazy
			( most relevant when stacked as in real life).
		d.	FizzyBubblech – Don’t mess with the Zohan taught us that it gives you powers
		so we delivered!! Drinking a FizzyBubblech raises the power up drop rate allowing
		for even more fun.
	In order to allow future expansion, we used the factory design pattern.
	3.	Non-linear terrain – we used a pseudo random terrain module that we created in order
	to provide better experience of our magnificent and breathtaking landscape.
	4.	Energy counter graphic – displays the current energy level so you know when to let
	your avatar rest and when he’s ready to take to the skies.